_episodes/05-visualizations.md, before:

---
title: "Visualizations"
teaching: 10
exercises: 5
questions:
- "How do we collect data from Twitter"
objectives:
- "Understanding the data collection process. "
keypoints:
- "this is answe one"
- "this is answer two"
- "etc"
---

## Motivation
Twitter data is bla bla. Hard to collect etc. Cosmos aims to help with that. 

## Before We Start
- setup cosmos
- assign relevant reading, data collection, 
- ethics of twitter data
- citation for cosmos etc.

# Introduction to Cosmos

bla bla


**Basic Layout**

bla bla

Content is the king
```
sudo ls -l
```

{% include links.md %}

## Work flow within COSMOS 2.0
content content content

> ## Tip: hidden objects
>
> Like in the shell, `ls` will hide any variables or functions starting
> with a "." by default. To list all objects, type `ls(all.names=TRUE)`
> instead
>
{: .callout}


> ## Challenge 1
>
> Which of the following data collection methods are supported with COSMOS 2.0?
> - data from 1999
> - stream data
> - future data
>
> > ## Solution to challenge 1
> >
> > The following data collection methods can be used with cosmos 2.0:
> > - The answer is stream data
> > - the reason for this data collection method is content content content
> {: .solution}
{: .challenge}

Commit message:

Creating content for 04 and 08 episodes.

_episodes/05-visualizations.md, after:

---
title: "Visualizations"
teaching: 10
exercises: 5
questions:
- "How do we visualize data collection on COSMOS?"
objectives:
- "Understanding visualization process on COSMOS."
keypoints:
- "this is answe one"
- "this is answer two"
- "etc"
---

# Lesson
***

Once the enough data has been collected or imported using COSMOS, it is time to visualize the data to obtain details and information we are looking for. To start visualization:

1. `Drag and drop` the data collection to the `workspace`
2. 



> ## Tip: hidden objects
>
> Like in the shell, `ls` will hide any variables or functions starting
> with a "." by default. To list all objects, type `ls(all.names=TRUE)`
> instead
>
{: .callout}


> ## Challenge 1
>
> Which of the following data collection methods are supported with COSMOS 2.0?
> - data from 1999
> - stream data
> - future data
>
> > ## Solution to challenge 1
> >
> > The following data collection methods can be used with cosmos 2.0:
> > - The answer is stream data
> > - the reason for this data collection method is content content content
> {: .solution}
{: .challenge}
